docs: vale DITA compliance fixes for assembly-configuring-kuberneteso… (#7773)
Apicurio/apicurio-registry: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/getting-started/assembly-configuring-kubernetesops-storage.adoc

include::{mod-loc}shared/all-attributes.adoc[]

> :_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY

Reviewer: I believe this (and all other similar) should be below the id?

* You have installed {registry} on Kubernetes or OpenShift.
* You have access to create ConfigMaps and RBAC resources in your cluster.

// con-kubernetesops-overview
:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="kubernetesops-overview_{context}"]
== Overview of KubernetesOps storage

IMPORTANT: KubernetesOps storage is an *experimental* feature. You must enable the experimental features gate (`APICURIO_FEATURES_EXPERIMENTAL_ENABLED=true`) to use it.

[role="_abstract"]

> KubernetesOps storage is a read-only storage variant that loads registry data from Kubernetes ConfigMaps. KubernetesOps storage uses the GitOps storage pattern to use ConfigMaps instead of Git repositories, enabling Kubernetes-native workflows for managing schemas and APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KubernetesOps storage is a read-only storage variant that loads registry data from Kubernetes ConfigMaps. KubernetesOps storage applies the GitOps storage pattern to ConfigMaps instead of Git repositories, enabling Kubernetes-native workflows for managing schemas and APIs.
```
